1. How many resources do we have in IAM ?
Ans: 3 - users, groups, and roles.

2. Deployment model in IAM ?
Ans: Public cloud, private cloud, and hybrid cloud. Infrastructure as a service (IaaS), Platform as a service (PaaS), Software as a service (SaaS).

3. Identities in IAM ?
Ans: IAM Users, IAM Groups, IAM Roles.

4. What is an IAM User ?
Ans:An IAM User is an entity created in AWS that provides a way to interact with AWS resources.

5. What is the IAM Group ?
Ans: An IAM group is an identity that specifies a collection of IAM users. You can use groups to specify permissions for multiple users at a time.
Groups make permissions easier to manage for large sets of users.

6. What is the IAM Policy ?
Ans:IAM policies defines permission

7. What is the IAM Role ?
Ans: A role is a set of permissions that grant access to actions and resources in AWS. These permissions are attached to the role, not to an IAM User or a group.
A role is not uniquely associated with a single person; it can be used by anyone who needs it.
A role does not have long term security credential, i.e., password or security key.
Instead, if the user uses a role, temporarily security credentials are created and provided to the user.

8. Where do we attach Identity Based Policy?
Ans: Identity-based policies are attached to an IAM user, group, or role. These policies let you specify what that identity can do (its permissions).

9. Where do we attach Resource Based Policy ?
Ans: Resource-based policies are attached to a resource.

10. Can we be able to create Policy via json code ?
Ans:  You can type or paste policies in JSON by choosing the JSON option.

11. If one user has created it by default, which permission has been assigned to that user ?
Ans: By default, a new IAM user has no permissions to do anything. They are not authorized to perform any AWS operations or to access any AWS resources.

12. What is dominator policy ?
Ans: The Policy which has more power is a dominator policy.

13. What is ARN ? What are the fields in ARN ?
Ans: ARN uniquely identify AWS resources. 
arn:partition:service:region:account-id:resource-id OR arn:partition:service:region:account-id:resource-type:resource-id

14. How many types of ARN Partition ?
Ans: aws - AWS Regions. aws-cn - China Regions. aws-us-gov - AWS GovCloud (US) Regions.

15. What are Tags ?
Ans: Tag is a label consisting of a user-defined key and value. Tags can help you manage, identify, organize, search for, and filter resources.
